Why are you applying for Financial Aid?

My family consists of 8 members. And I am the fourth one. I didn't get that well of education from the childhood even. My dad is 40 years older than me and he is not doing a job last 12 years. My elder brother just completed MBBS with loan and he is in for as house surgeon. My two sisters marriages are over, so that we are in no cash left for the future plan. And my mother being housewife, our family is doing misery in everything. My younger brother is doing  high school. And my father has the first wife too being the 8th member, our basic needs are about high comparing other families. And currently there are no earning members in my family.We are in a verge of loan and other scarcity . We are now living with the savings from my dad  which he saved as a driver 12 years ago. This is our family in a nutshell. That's why I am applying for this financial aid.


How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?

Actually with poor education & English development system in India, I haven't got any professional touch in my spoken English. By doing this course , it seems , this course will be a turning point in my communication development. And this will give a sufficient support in order to achieve my further career goals. I am now doing third year of my Btech journey. Currently i pursued CS in engineering. I think communication is an important career steps towards achieving one's goal. And with my poor English vocabulary and speaking skills I don't think this will be done correctly. So that i just planned to go through the network and found the best course in the best MOOC. I think this will boost up my career journey and will bring fruitful to my communication with a peer standards. Thereby taking this course as a master and looking forward for your response.

If you answered no, please help us understand why. 

Actually my brother and one of my sister has already taken 2 interest free loans from our native place. Even now we are facing difficulties in returning the funds. I think i cannot add more burden to my family for this course . So I am pleasing you to get this aid possible for me.This aid would help me very morally and mentally too.
